date: 2013/03/20

Hi Jonathan, Anoushe,

I'd like to sketch out a rough plan for integrating lbd into the
official LLVM documentation:

1. I believe that the current biggest issue is
<https://github.com/Jonathan2251/lbd/issues/16>. I have described it
there.

2. The next step is to develop the Cpu0 backend directly on the LLVM
tree (on a github fork), and keep it updated with trunk. You may want
to start doing this already so that you are putting the lit tests that
are needed in 1. into the right place.

3. At this point, the Cpu0 backend is fully functioning on trunk, with
tests. The next step is to reach out to the LLVM community (PLEASE let
*me* do this) and solicit review of the tutorial (and the backend); in
particular by the experts. The reason that I would like to be the one
to make this announcement is that I have a better understanding of the
community and I will be better able to communicate to them why this
matters *to them* and why *they* should help to push this forward;
additionally, I know the right people to CC on the email and talk to
in private so that this gains wider community support. Before making
the announcement, I will read through the entire tutorial from
beginning to end and revise the writing as I go.

4. Once general feedback on the tutorial and backend are incorporated,
the next step is to formally propose the backend for inclusion in
LLVM, along with the tutorial. This will involve rigorous code review
of the backend as usual for LLVM. The code review feedback should be
incorporated into the code, and the tutorial should be updated
accordingly.

5. Finally, merge the book into LLVM trunk along with the Cpu0 backend :)

It is *really important* that the backend code be merged into trunk
along with the tutorial. That way, if any backend API's change, then
the Cpu0 backend will be updated by the person doing the change, which
will indicate to them that they need to update the tutorial (or at
least, it will be easy to track down any changes that need to be made
to the tutorial).

When lbd gets merged into the official LLVM repo, both of you will
obviously need to have/get commit access so that you can continue to
maintain the tutorial in the official LLVM repo. I believe that the
magnitude of your efforts on lbd will be enough to earn commit access.
However, I would like for both of you to have landed at least a couple
patches to ensure that you are both aware of LLVM community
expectations and development practices. Even simple patches (like
fixing spelling mistakes) are appreciated and would be fine. I'm sure
that both of you have seen small things that could be fixed/improved
while working on LLVM, so hopefully this will not be a lot of work.

Thanks for all your hard work,

-- Sean Silva
